I'll start with the 7 future web design trends. The article is obviously dated but the ideas are still mostly relevant i think.
All things web sites need to be mobile as of now, and i think more things will become mobile,like education and work but my unpopular opinion is that eventually we will see that mobile isnt just a classification of mobile, it will just be the internet. The existence of all forms of data at our fingertips no matter where we are. I think we need to prepare for the design that is truly immersive. Like many of us i use my phone for a lot of things but i dont use it for design and i dont use it for writing code. But people are using tablets for these things because of the larger screen and the touch features. I think mobile has a use case and it isnt always for everything, that is until the interface changes. With the emergence of google glass things took a turn towards where i think we are heading eventually. Apple just released a very ugly version for immersion and meta wants us to live there indefinately. I dont think many of us want to truly live the matrix, so we may avoid that but the immersion is coming in some form. AR will take over how we do mobile, and it may take over how we do desktop as well. Swipes and pinches and clicks of your fingers will be the new nav tools. A turn of the wrist will take you back and flicking your finger will go tot he next page, or something like that. I dont think we will just sccroll up and down. We will find that3 dimensional space where the interne can expand and be much more than the flat plane it lives in now.
I agree with a simple design philosophy. The cleaner the better. Less clutter and less complexity lead to bettter experiences i think. That age old marriage of function and form where you use just as much as you need to get the job done. 
Creating experiences involves focus on the event and if you fill it with a bunch of overwhelming items then you love the experience and the wow factor.

How do Lev Manovich's ideas about the fundamentals of new media compare to those of the authors of Form and Code?

I think the idea of new media to me means digital transmissions. For example you cant send a newspaper electroniclly. You can send that same newspaper as an email or pdf or ebub. The same goes for songs or movies. PReviously you had a medium for those items. Songs were on tape or vinyl or cd, now they are just ones and zeroes that can pass anywhere in the world. I think the idea from Manovich that these earlier versions of ideas were really strong foundations to what Fry and Reas began to accomplish with Processing. The idea that in 1800 a loom could run from a punch card is amazing. The technological ideas that have been dreamed of but unable to be realized probably fills volumes. 

What is similar about their ideas?

But the idea of executing a program to create art isnt really new, it just needed technilogy to catch up with it. The marriage of code and lines on a screen seem to work well.The idea can go further by using coding to create images or paths that a human may not oncieve of by hand. These ideas reside in the lines of code and are able to be tweaked any number of ways for any number of results.

What we're Ben and Casey trying to do when they set out to make Processing? What does their work on processing say about digital art?

My interpretation is that they were trying to marry  digital art with code that manipulates that art in ways that are unconventional. I think they saw a way to introduce programming and to even give it a new playground, by making it more accesible to everyone. Through education they are bringing in new people that fall in love with coding, and it starts with creating interesting images. The educational factor is driving force because it can be taight easily to students that then grow those skills and innovate as they go forward. 

What kinds of digital art and design are made possible by processing?

I think we havent seen the full force of what this can do. I barely know any p5js and i can see the incredible possibilities that lay ahead for me with it. I also think of generative game spaces also. A game like no man's sky where the entire universe is procedurally generated pulls a lot of ideas from the processing and p5 idea of creating imagry from code. Not just creating but infinitely creating using regenerative code that creates new work based on iterations of the old for ever (theoretically). I think more of this will happen with AI art in the near future.

